h1. EmailLogger plugin

Email engine for CakeLog, CakePHP >= 2.4.x Sends out emails for log entries.
Optional configuration for log levels to send emails, by default to all core log levels.

h2. Background

This plugin is just a quick and dirty way check
your app without turning debug on, or check errors that only occur with debug off.

h2. Requirements

* PHP 5.3
* CakePHP 2.4.x

h2. Installation

_[Manual]_

# Download this: http://github.com/agarzon/EmailLogger/zipball/master
# Unzip that download.
# Copy the resulting folder to app/Plugin
# Rename the folder you just copied to EmailLogger

_[GIT Submodule]_

In your app directory type:
<pre><code>git submodule add git@github.com:agarzon/EmailLogger.git Plugin/EmailLogger
git submodule init
git submodule update
</code></pre>

_[GIT Clone]_

In your plugin directory type
<pre><code>git clone git@github.com:agarzon/EmailLogger.git EmailLogger</code></pre>

h2. Usage

In app/Config/bootstrap.php add: CakePlugin::load('EmailLogger', array('bootstrap' => true));
Add $logger configuration in app/Config/email.php or create EmailLogger/Config/config.php

h2. Configuration(optional):

EmailLogger/Config/config.php
Define which levels and email configuration to use for EmailLogger.
Set 'duplicates' to false/true to avoid receiving duplicate emails. (defaults to true)
Without this file, EmailLogger will send out emails for all log entries and all core log levels.

Note: Don't setup your email configuration for EmailLogger with 'log' => true
or any log level which will be handled by EmailLogger

h2. Important

It's not recommended to use this in production.
"http://ad7six.com/2007/04/19/Don-t-mail-me-my-site-errors.html":http://ad7six.com/2007/04/19/Don-t-mail-me-my-site-errors.html

_Hint:_
Set 'levels' => array('logger') and it wont ever send out emails for core errors,
and add CakeLog::write('logger', 'Log this'); or $this->log('Log this', 'logger');
to the code you want to debug.

